+++
# An example of using the custom widget to create your own homepage section.
# To create more sections, duplicate this file and edit the values below as desired.

date = "2018-01-20T00:00:00"
draft = false

title = "RDPE"
subtitle = "Research Design, Practice and Ethics"
type = "teaching"
layout = "class"
summary = "The module introduces students to the concepts and varieties of social science research designs."
term = "Winter"
year = "2018"
university = "University of Birmingham"
instructor = "Dr. Martin Ottmann"
syllabuspath = ""

[[teachinfo]]
  info = "Lecturer"
  value = "Dr. Martin Ottmann"
  email1 = "m.ottmann"
  email2 = "bham"
  email3 = "ac"
  email3 = "uk"
#  office = "Physics 3054"

#[[teachinfo]]
#  info = "TA"
#  value = "TBD"
#  email1 = "student"
#  email2 = "ucr"
#  email3 = "edu"
#  office = "Physics 2152"


#[[textbook]]
#  title = "Introduction to High Energy Physics"
#  author = "David Griffiths"
#  url = "http://www.wiley.com/WileyCDA/WileyTitle/productCd-3527406018,subjectCd-PH20.html"
#  comment = "Optional."



[[courseinfo]]
  info = "Lecture"
  value = "TBA"
  comment = "TBA"

[[courseinfo]]
  info = "Office Hours"
  value = "TBA"
  comment = "TBA"

[[courseinfo]]
  info = "Final Exam"
  value = "TBA"
  comment = "TBA"


# Optional featured image (relative to `static/img/` folder).
#[header]
#image = "background/chalkboard_thin.jpg"
#caption = "What is the Standard Model? How do we understand elementary particle physics with Feynman diagrams and Monte Carlo generators?"


# Order that this section will appear in.
weight = 1

+++

#This course is supported by the UCR Library's Affordable Course Material Initiative. Our primary resource will be publicly available materials and lecture notes that are posted online.